## Real Final
Here is the other implement to our topic--the psych cat website. This website integrates our videos and research essays. Current Chinese psychology-related website mainly about psychological learning resources sharing, which are major maintained by Chinese universities. Different from them, our website focuses more on user interaction, especially towards specific user groups -- parents and children. The front-end was written by using Vue JavaScript framework, which supports modular building and managing. In addition, it can be compiled as a cross-platform native software, which means with the clear structures and contents, our next step is transferring it into IOS and Android native mobile app and improving the integration. While users input real-life questions they would like to ask, the front-end will send the query to our artificial intelligent sever. Eventually, it will display the recommend solution fetched from the AI chatbot system, which is another main component of this part. 

## Fake Final
Here is the other main solution to our topic--the psych cat website. This website mainly promotes psychology knowledge. It integrates our videos and research essays, also focuses more on user interaction. The front-end was written by using Vue JavaScript framework, which supports modulized building and managing. In addition, it can be compile as cross-platform native phone app. This means with the clear structures and contents, our next step is transferring it into ios and Andriod native phone apps for easier access. While users input real-life questions they would like to ask, the front-end will send the question to our natural language processing training model. Eventually, it will display the recommend solution fetched from the back-end, which is the next important part.


## Second Draft
Here is the other main solution of our topic--the psych cat website. This website mainly promotes the psychology knowledge. It integrates our videos and research essays, also we are more focus on user interaction. The front-end was written by using Vue JavaScript framework, which supports modulized building and managing, also it can be compile as cross platform native phone app. This means with our clear structure and contents, the next step is transferring it into native phone app for better user experience. While user input questions about real life they would like to ask, the front-end will send the question to our  natural language processing training model. Eventually, it will display the solution fetched recommend response from the back-end, which is the next important part.

## Rough Draft
Our website is one of the our main solution in psychology knowledge promotion. It is written using vue JavaScript framework, with this JavaScript framework this front-end can be transferred into phone app through vue-native, which is our next step. This website integrates our videos and research essays, and also with our specialty user-interaction page--the chat bot. In this page, parents can type in the input box about their questions and concern in real life, the information will process through the training model and return the recommend solution. This chat-bot has connected the api from deep-learning support natural language processing contents, which is the next important part of this chatting box. 



**“What have each of you learned today? Name one biggest learning”

“How is this process different from the way you did your CTB project?”



“What surprised you most during the process?”

“How do you like the way you collaborated as a team?”

“How did talking to users inform your design?”

“How did testing and getting feedback impact your final design?”**